Hi everyone!  This is the solution to exercise 12. For this exercise
you were given this range object, so the selected line is what you were given and you were required
to produce a list whose items are equal to the items of this range multiplied by 10.
So the output would be this one in.
Here. And this is how you solve it.
So you would want to use a list comprehension here.
This is the list comprehension.
So this is like a for loop but inside square brackets.
So in one single line and what we're doing is we're saying 10 times X where X is a variable we have
we are just defining in here.
Sue for x in my range.
So what this will do is you go through all the items off my range.
So it goes to the first item which is 1 and what it does it adds 10 times one in a new list.
So you have all this starting with 10 and then loop goes to the next iteration so it does 10 times 2 and
it puts 20 to the list.
So that's all the items one by one.
You could also do this using a for loop.
So a standard for loop. That will also be fine but this is more pythonic.
So we can't call this solution a better one because it's shorter.
Then we use the print statement to print this list which is in here.
That's about the solution.
Thanks.
See you later.